Daniel Park: This is my Csc. 170 final project.
Daniel Park: So for the need finding I had 4 observed, needs
Daniel Park: one vintage sellers or vintage vendors who struggle to manage inventory effectively across platforms.
Daniel Park: 2. There are a lack of integrated tools for tracking revenue and sales performances.
Daniel Park: 3 sellers prefer. If there was a way to remove multiple listings across multiple platforms for ease and time efficiency and 4 sellers need a way to efficiently price their items to get the best possible
Daniel Park: return on investment on their items.
Daniel Park: So, addressing the needs in my product, I have 4 key features.
Daniel Park: the integrated account management, where easy connection and management of multiple sales accounts occurs
Daniel Park: the efficient listings management, where users can quickly post update and delete listings.
Daniel Park: This is a multi-platform, so sellers can delete from all their platforms in one single click
Daniel Park: the inventory tracking, which is an archive page that tracks and stores all previous sales and the interactive stats
Daniel Park: where we can show clear revenue and sales trend visualizations for informed decision making
Daniel Park: needs are overall met through this centralized platform that reduces time and effort, and having to manage multiple platforms and tasks.
Daniel Park: This platform also helps sellers, optimize listings and inventory.
Daniel Park: Some alternatives that I have explored are the live price trackers.
Daniel Park: The idea behind this was to have a live tracker for sales, so that a seller could view in real time what the current market is for current items
Daniel Park: for an easy visual representation. Think about stocks, and how prices can fluctuate up or down, and depending on what the current is, one can either purchase or sell.
Daniel Park: We have the market map, which is an idea to create a navigation system for markets.
Daniel Park: and we have the pickup app where one can
Daniel Park: kind of grab and go for certain items. In this case this app would allow buyers to bid and secure items for purchase before the flea market even takes place.
Daniel Park: Once secured, the buyer would just have to come and pick it up
Daniel Park: from the seller at the designated flea market.
Daniel Park: These are the explored alternative sketches order 1, 2, and 3 from left to right.
Daniel Park: And I'll go over the tool demo in a video.
Daniel Park: Okay, so this is the landing page of my website, and I'll go over the 4 buttons and functionalities of each button.
Daniel Park: So we have the menu button on the top right, which links to 5 different screens.
Daniel Park: and these are all functional.
Daniel Park: We have the inventory button underneath it which leads to a new screen as well, and it shows previous history and sales tracking.
Daniel Park: We have the delete button, and to make this work we would click on the check boxes of each item that we want to delete.
Daniel Park: and you can press the delete button.
Daniel Park: and then for the post functionality.
Daniel Park: If you click on this button, it takes you to a new screen where we can post an item. You can add whatever image you would like.
Daniel Park: and you put in your product, name, product, description.
Daniel Park: Go ahead and press the post button, and it should post to your landing page.
Daniel Park: There are 2 important design decisions that I have made.
Daniel Park: So the 1st one is interaction.
Daniel Park: I used forms, buttons and links to help users navigate the platform space.
Daniel Park: This helps streamline all intuitive interaction, like adding or modifying things.
Daniel Park: and these are all helpful shortcuts for the user.
Daniel Park: Forums were for sellers to update inventory and post listings.
Daniel Park: buttons and links were interactive and allow simple navigation.
Daniel Park: The second is visual design.
Daniel Park: which used a main page that contained all the links to other possible pages. This makes the platform look clean and simple.
Daniel Park: and it maintained the overall, simple and clean, interface
Daniel Park: through repetition with all pages having similar Css styling.
Daniel Park: user testing and adapting.
Daniel Park: From user testing. I learned a couple of things regarding my website that I would not have recognized otherwise.
Daniel Park: So the 1st is that the workflow for deleting items is easy to complete.
Daniel Park: but it's slightly difficult to start, because the button is somewhat hidden at the bottom of my page.
Daniel Park: So to fix this workflow, I moved the delete button to the front of the page for users to clearly identify.
Daniel Park: and the second one
Daniel Park: is that the workflow for adding an image to post and posting the image was easy. However, the user could not confirm whether
Daniel Park: the image was uploaded. To fix this I added an image confirmation that shows up. After pressing the post button.